another thing is that we are a wonderful story
it's a story that
even exciting not
what deals the cork oaks there is a village
very close to salamanca
very close to Rodrigo 13 kilometers that Siam faces face
where approximately 0 70 neighbors and by 1878 by air
a couple
percent
the couple from your town
they bought the state
five hundred hectares of land
There were cork oaks
they left it for the whole community
the cycle yielded to the community so the community board or you work
tosello el monte charro that the region
par excellence the psoe with what spectacular set
all these agreed that it is that arcor kisses what are centenarians
and the most beautiful part of this story, what is incredible
they have come together
about 95 people frank yachts the port pole 70 people who live outside the
people who already left a boost in front of France other sides
they have come together
95 people have made an association
it has been proposed to plant cork oaks
I go to watch
then what they did one thing that I loved maybe it will be the same
afternoon he tried the subject
when the cork oak diets cogersa spolli cost in the month of
December took her greenhouse
to vote
not for them to make the one that comes out the the holy silver
the following year they return by the cork oak
and he raises it
also the month of December
go for a tube to protect it fixed
the cork oak tea tequeño lépore setúbal protect the oval
and then it takes 50 years to give a good mattress and fixate how
pull out the car
rearte that what is incredible is not
those cuts that take from the cork tree the man this I'm taking
everything about the cork oak
the cork of all these cork piles that you see incredible not
of how escort was sung for sure but it is the story of me what seems to me an
wonder is your desire together with 95 people are capable today
planting certainty
some will tell account is all very close because sometimes rows
incredible the 3200 I think that mcqueen told
so
every woman that not all will arrive asa bultaco mustos that we have seen the
wonderful cork oaks but
to see you incredible 50 years take
m the cork oaks in producing a quality car
so nothing congratulations
eurolat an incredible story no
worth kilo to know it goya
the amazing thing is that he sets the ideals colorful board flights with children with
grandchildren do not and all together is able on the plantation to transmit those things
the cultures and the others getting in the end just doing all
to vary from Spain how could it be otherwise
the army arrived and other festivities
someday I'll have to go to hurricane